hi guys welcome to Rajshri food this is
the Bombay Chef Varna nom de and today I
get to your kitchen a very simple
traditional Caesar salad more for your
lazy days for the Caesar salad let's
first start making the croutons I have
some bread here with me I love using
white bread so I'm just cutting the
sides off and then I'm cutting them into
small cubes the size and shape of the
crouton can vary as per your choice I
love small cubes so I'm going with that
traditionally you can also tear them you
don't need to cut them you can just
stare them at random and you can just
use stone bread so yeah just cut these
into these cubes so the first thing that
goes is some olive oil in a pan some
garlic and without it changing color the
next thing that goes in is the bread
cubes you have to toss this on very very
very low flame but the idea is to make
sure it is nice and roasted well you can
also use a mixture of butter and oil but
I love the taste of olive oil so trust
me when it comes to this recipe stick to
olive oil
now that the croutons have become nice
light and toasted I'm adding in some
parsley finely chopped parsley little
bit of black pepper so I'm just grating
in some fresh parmesan on top of the
croutons so that they become nice and
cheesy and I'm not going to toast it any
further and just want to give it a light
toss and that's about it the flame goes
off here you have some nice parmesan
flavored croutons
so now that these croutons are ready
let's start making the dressing for the
dressing I'm going to use some
mayonnaise I'm using vegetarian
mayonnaise which is made of soya next
I'm adding in some salt freshly crushed
black pepper finely chopped parsley and
finely minced garlic the next that goes
in is some Parmesan cheese
lust goes in a tablespoon of chilled
water what is very important in this
recipe because that is actually want to
make it like a thin flowy dressing
otherwise this is a dressing made of
mayonnaise which tends to become a
little thick and cloggy water will just
make it nice and flowy so there I go a
quick mix there you have this beautiful
Caesar dressing absolutely done and
ready make sure when you're adding salt
in this recipe it's to its absolute
minimum and required quantity because
parmesan also has solved so remember
that now that the Caesar dressing is
ready that's how the consistency should
be nice light flowy yet a little thick
but not very runny make sure so there
you go let's start prepping the lettuce
leaves so I have some cost lettuce here
which I have reserved in some chilled
water I'm going to take this bulb of
romaine lettuce which is also known as
cost lettuce and if you see it's nice
crunchy and crisp because I've reserved
it in chilled water
I'm just want to cut a few inches from
the base I'm just going to release all
the leaves like so you'll see there's a
scent of stock which needs to be removed
and all these leaves I'm just bundling
them up together I'm just going to
roughly run a knife through this just
make sure it gets cut just make sure all
the lettuce has been cut you can just
hand snip a few if you want to avoid the
knife completely you can just stare it
at random with your hands just taking
your tossing bowl adding in some
croutons
nice light and crisp adding in cut
lettuce leaves just grating in some
fresh Parmesan cheese
once the parmesan is done just giving it
a light toss there you have these leaves
beautifully mixing with the Parmesan
cheese and the croutons there you go
I have a beautiful salad bowl all of
this now goes in this salad bowl topped
with some croutons dressed with some
beautiful Caesar dressing so I'm just
chopping a little bit of this on the
salad a little more Parmesan cheese and
there you have this wonderful salad for
the lazy's on a lazy afternoon so here
you have a traditional and healthy
Caesar salad do try it at home and do
not forget to catch me 2nd of March
onwards on get carried